doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/README.md

# How to use Clever Tools

> Clever Tools is the command line interface (CLI) of Clever Cloud. You can use it to create and manage applications, addons and multiple services of the platform. It also provides an easy authenticated access to Clever Cloud public APIv2 and APIv4 through the [`clever curl` command](#curl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clever Tools is the command line interface (CLI) of Clever Cloud. You can use it to create and manage multiple services of the platform as applications, databases or storage add-ons. It also provides an easy authenticated access to Clever Cloud public APIv2 and APIv4 through the [`clever curl` command](#curl).
```

Author: As previously discussed, this manual documentation is just a bootstrap, it will be automated in a next step. But we needed an up to date doc in the meantime.

It's an [easy to setup](/docs/setup-systems.md) multiplatform and open source tool, based on Node.js. You can contribute to it through
[issue](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools/issues) or [pull requests](https://github.com/CleverCloud/clever-tools/pulls). You're free
to ask for new features, enhancements or help us to provide them to our community.

- [How to install Clever Tools](/docs/setup-systems.md)
- [Create a Clever Cloud account](https://console.clever-cloud.com)

You'll find below the first commands to know to connect Clever Tools to your account, get its informations and manage some options. Others are developed in dedicated pages:

- [Applications: configuration](/docs/applications-config.md)
- [Applications: management](/docs/applications-management.md)
- [Applications: deployment and lifecycle](/docs/applications-deployment-lifecycle.md)

> - [Addons: management and backups](/docs/addons-backups.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Add-ons: management and backups](/docs/addons-backups.md)
```
